c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form2.resources
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl1.resources
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\web14\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl2.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form2.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl1.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl2.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\Beytullah Tiryaki 71\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form2.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl1.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl2.resources
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\web14\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl1.resources
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.UserControl2.resources
C:\Users\ilhan\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
